# Electron Community and Safety WG

## 2019-10-03 agenda

* Ensure previous meeting's notes have been redacted and merge PR
* Check status of previous meeting's action items
    * [ ] Update leave policy to include GitHub org modifications (@lee-dohm)
    * [x] Create PR to add minimum attendance and ongoing participation requirements for governance membership to charter (@ckerr)
    * [x] Document redaction guidelines and procedure (@lee-dohm)

* Next in [First Responder rotation](https://github.com/electron/governance/blob/master/wg-community-safety/new-reports-rotation.md): @codebytere
* https://github.com/electron/governance/pull/159, which merges docs-n-tools and website, needs consensus from existing the WGs in order to be ratified. Could this WG please review? (added by @ckerr)
* Ratify new governance members (API WG):
    * Erik Mellum @emellum (also joining Outreach WG) :+1:
    * Will Anderson @itsanderson :+1:
    * Andy Locasio @loc :+1:
* There was general confusion over the process of adding new members wrt how much involvement C&S has in the process. There were several members ready to join but who (it's thought) can't because they're waiting on the C&S meeting to happen. Can we simplify this, or at least clarify it so that the process is clearer?
    * Add more clarity/documentation
    * Misunderstanding what C&S approval actually is
    * Do we need to petition the Admin WG to amend our WG's charter/sphere of influence?
        * Would be beneficial for this to happen
        * [ ] Submit PR to update C&S WG areas of responsibility and ping Admin WG on it for approval @lee-dohm
* An individual wanted to join and there was no vote
    * A WG decides how to achieve consensus on how WG members join. This can be done via a vote or some other way, depending on what the WG has agreed on
    * Members should not be added to README without C&S approval
* TODO If new governance members are approved:
    - [x] Update https://github.com/orgs/electron/teams/wg-outreach/members to match https://github.com/electron/governance/tree/master/wg-outreach (@ckerr)
    - [x] Also update the @wg-outreach slack user-group to match https://github.com/orgs/electron/teams/wg-outreach/members (@ckerr)
* Ratify new governance members (QA WG):
    * Marcel Munro (@SlackedMarcel) :+1:
    * Andrea Crawford (@andreacrawford) :+1:
* Make OKRs
    * Objective: C&S WG's role is well-understood and supported by all WGs
        * KR: Improvement of a feedback survey sent periodically
        * KR: Repeat issues -- If we have to keep addressing the same issues regarding governance boundary membership or CoC
    * [ ] @lee-dohm make OKR section in README

* Create username standard for Electron governance?
    * Should we require a GitHub username (or some other singular identifier) across all official Electron communication platforms?

### Attendees

* @ckerr
* @groundwater
* @jkleinsc
* @lee-dohm
* @sofianguy
* @tonyganch
