# Community and Safety WG

Mar 14, 2019

### Attendees:
* Charles (@ckerr)
* Jacob (@groundwater)
* John (@jkleinsc)
* Shelley (@codebytere)
* Sofia (@sofianguy)
* Tony (@tonyganch)

## Agenda

### In previous series:

* 2019-03-12 Slack status of non-governance members was switched to
  multi-channel guests.
* WG channels, `bot-*`, release branches (`4.x.x`, etc.) and `#pineapple` became
  governance-only channels.
* The same day [announcement was made][1] in `#random` channel, which led to some
  people expressing concerns about the change.

### Discussion:

1. Can someone not be a part of any WG but still be a full-time contributor and
have full Slack access?
    * Why should a person be a full member if they are not in Gov?
    * There is a number of faithful contributors, who are pretty involved.
      They can’t be in Gov because of time constraints: being part of WG implies
      responsibilities and participation in regular meetings.
    * Every WG sets their own rules for membership, which doesn't neccessarily
      mean huge time investment.
    * Can we say we're inclusive if we keep channels to Gov people only?
    * Intelectual safety is more important than transparency.
    * Limiting most channels to Gov-only members doesn't mean we're not
      transparent: we will have a public repo and every WG will publish notes from
      their meetings, and all important decisions. Other community members will be
      able to open issues in that repo to open discussion on topics they care
      about.
    * Inclusivity doesn't mean you get to silently observe work of others without
      bringing anything to the table. If you want to observe, you should also
      participate. Governance is not a closed club, everyone can join, WGs have
      open guidelines for including new members. So if a person wants to be a full
      Slack member, they can just join Gov.
    * Each WG gets to decide on their own, if their channel is open to guests or
      not. Example: `#wg-security`.

2. Deactivate inactive users.
    * Inactive users are the ones who haven't logged in in the last
      6 months. Based on access logs, this number is only around 60 people. This
      means, if we deactivate them, total number of members in big channels like
      `#general` or `#random` will go down from ~300 to ~200.
    * This leads to a question: what problem exactly are we trying to solve by
      deactivation/removal? Jacob has mentioned, that people use direct messages
      too often mostly because they are uncomfortable posting to a chat with
      ~300 people. But in this case, 300 or 200 doesn't make big difference.

2. Do a write-up for Slack members so people who may be feeling alienated know
   what’s going on.
    * Clarify how a guest can access other channels.
    * There is a tool for finding available channels.
      https://github.com/WeAllJS/wheelie-slack-app

3. Are we a proactive or reactive WG?
    * If we feel smth is not right, do we take initiative and reach out to
      people, or do we wait for the to reach out to us?
    * @tonyganch: Reaching out sometimes feels like “Oh wow, they do care”.

### For future meetings:

1. What is role of `#pineapple?` Should it be a default channel or
  governanve-only? If latter, then what is purpose of `#pineapple-private`?

## Decisions:

1. Full Slack membership is limited only to governance people.
2. Each WG sets their own rules on how to join it and whether their Slack
   channel is open to guests or not.
3. If community decides a WG is missing, we can create one.
4. Instead of deactivating inactive users, switch them to multi-channel guests.

## TODOs:

- [ ] Write a follow-up message to `#general` explaining the change (@tonyganch)
  - Post a draft to Slack channel and vote on content before sending the message
    to public
- [ ] Change Slack access documentation in governance repo based on answer
- [ ] Switch role of inactive Slack users to multi-channel guests (@sofianguy)

[1]: https://electronhq.slack.com/archives/C3970NXKN/p1552435942018300
