# Community and Safety WG

Mar 21, 2019

### Attendees:
* Charles (@ckerr)
* John (@jkleinsc)
* Shelley (@codebytere)
* Sofia (@sofianguy)
* Tony (@tonyganch)

## Agenda

1. Guidelines for banning
    * Step away program, “you need to step away for a day”.
    * Some behavior would require an immediate ban anyway, e.g. spamming, inciteful
      comments, throwing frogs at your windshield while you’re driving.
    * Use tools for a ban, or just ask them to not interact? If we go with a “soft
      ban” of asking someone to stop interacting for some time, we need to make
      sure that request to the user is clear and easily understood.
    * What is a way back to the community, how does one repay his sins? Decide on a
      case by case basis.
    * Should we consider permanent bans?
    * Create a boilerplate answer:
        * to clarify our community expectations (“This is not how we do it here”,
          “This is not what our community expects”);
        * to clarify how our community works (with specifics, how much time to wait
          for the answer, what to do if it’s too long);
        * “If you’d like to join/help us, here’s a way to do it”.
    * Share this boilerplate with all maintainers to use for spams/duplicates/angry
      behavior => Include in bug template instead of relying on human factor. We
      should not make triaging harder.

## Decisions:

Escalation path:
1. Include “How it works” section into a bug template, e.g. ETA expectations
  and link to CoC.
2. First response: Remind in comment “How it works”.
3. Second response: “Please do not interact for a day” (soft ban, no tools involved).
4. Third response: Hard ban for a week.
5. Fourth response: Vote on banning.

## TODOs:

- [ ] Invite Lee (@lee-dohm) to next meeting to talk about canned messages and ban guide (@jkleinsc)
- [ ] Share ban guideline and escalation path in governance repo and Slack
- [ ] Community guideline on how electron maintainers work (@codebytere)
  - Change issue template to include tl;dr line about community guidelines and
    link to full details for guidelines (from governance repo / C&S WG directory)
- [ ] Talk to Lee about draft for first response, and then write down the draft (@jkleinsc)

