# Community and Safety WG

Mar 6, 2019

### Attendees:
- Charles (@ckerr)
- John (@jkleinsc)
- Shelley (@codebytere)
- Sofia (@sofianguy)
- Tony (@tonyganch)

## Agenda

### TODO items from last meeting:

1. Change Slack Admins & Owners.
    - Decision: Get explicit consent from all members of Admin WG, then @ckerr will do it.
2. Make a private repo for C&S WG.
    - Will be used to store any documents with sensitive information.

### Clarifying questions:

1. Spectrum for community Q&A.
    - Discussion: Proposed by Jeremy, discussed at Outreach meeting on Monday, outcome is that we do not want to get involved full-time.
    - Decision: Don't use Spectrum as official channel.
2. Review Electron Maintainer Summit Feedback survey form:
    - The form questions were reviewed last week.
    - Too early to review results, moving to the next meeting.

### This week:

1. How should users report issues to this WG?
    - Discussion: Emails are too complicated, because they require too much thought to compose and aren't anonymous (sender's email address is exposed). Forms are more casual and can be anonymous.
    - Example of the form: https://wafflejs.com/conduct/
    - Choosing between Google Forms and a form on our website, Google Forms look like a safer choice in case something goes wrong with the website.
    - Decision: Create Google Forms to collect anonymous reports, post a link on the website.

2. Guidelines for new Slack members:
    - Discussion: What’s the process to request someone be added to the Slack (or for them to request themselves)? => Use form.
    - Should we change the [current sign-up form](https://electronjs.org/maintainers/join)? => Add field “What is your reason for joining”.
    - Decision: A person should not join randomly, just to hang out. Every non-governance member should have a reason to be in Slack, like discussions about security, or build issues. Default entry point is the form, that everyone should fill out. The field "reason for joining" will help make a decision about which channels the member should join. If a person does not specify a clear enough reason for joining, C&S WG can reach out to them by email for clarification. Default role for new members is a multi-channel guest.
    - TBD: What's the default list of channels everyone has access to? For example, #general, #random.
    - TBD: In which cases a member should be a single-channel user? For example, security reports, app feedback from summits.

3. Slack cleanup: members.
    - Discussion: Cleanup includes two parts, removing inactive users and limiting access to existing users.
    - For how long should a user be inactive to be removed?
        - Suggestions are 2, 4 and 6 months.
        - 2 months seem too strict, because a person can be on vacation, sick leave or simply temporarily working on another project.
        - 6 months seem like a safe choice.
    - TBD: Before limiting access to active users, we first need to clarify difference between single-channel and multi-channel guests, and what will be used in what cases.
    - Users should be notified about upcoming changes and be given a chance to respond to that.
    - Inactive users who are about to be removed should be contacted by email, because there is little chance they will see a Slack message. Active users who are about to become multi-channel guests should be notified at #general and by email.
    - Question raised: from which account to send emails? It should not be someone's personal or work account, but rather a group one. While we're waiting for possibility to send emails from @electronjs.org, proposal is to create a temp @gmail.com account for that purpose.
    - Question raised: can we automate this work? There are no known ways how to do that, but @sofianguy volunteers to send these warnings out manually if it can’t be automated.
    - Decision: Compile a list of users who haven’t signed in for last 6 months, and send them an email that they will be removed from our Slack workspace. If a user doesn't respond in a week, remove them from members list. If later they decide to rejoin, ask them to re-fill the "maintainers/join" form. 

4. Guidelines for handling abusive behavior on GitHub:
    - @tonyganch: Should we save @lee-dohm’s last response as a template? => Yes
    - Could be added to `electron/governance/playbook`

5. Move our meetings to another day.
    - Decision: bi-weekly meetings will be held on Thursdays @ 4 PM UTC, starting from 21 Mar.


## For future meetings:

1. Slack Admin guidelines.
    - What rules should admins follow?
2. What is the process for adding someone to the C&S WG?
3. What happens when an offender is one of the members in the C&S WG?


## TODOs:

- [ ] Reach out to Admin WG and ask if they are fine with acting as Slack admins
    - Ask Zac (@tonyganch)
    - Ask Matt (@sofianguy)
    - (No need to ask Jacob; he attended the meeting where Admin == Owner was decided)
- [ ] Create a private repo (@ckerr)
- [ ] Copy Lee’s response to `electron/governance/playbooks` (@ckerr)
- [ ] Reach out to governance channel (@groundwater) and ask for opinion about single-channel vs multi-channel guests (@tonyganch)
- [ ] Create new Google Form for Slack access (@sofianguy)
- [ ] Add Community & Safety WG members to Summit responses (@sofianguy)
- [ ] Compose an email and send to all inactive users => use BCC (@tonyganch)
- [ ] Move all non-governance users to multi-channel guests. Notify #general about upcoming change. (@sofianguy, @tonyganch)

