# Docs & Tools WG meeting 2019-05-23

Thursday, May 23, 2019 (9:00-9:30am PT)

## Attendees
 * @HashimotoYT
 * @ckerr
 * @felix
 * @malept
 
## Agenda

1. `electron-prebuilt-compile` follow-up (@malept, for @felix)
    * Followup from Felix. It seems like nobody's working on `electron-prebuilt-compile`.
    * It probably doesn't work with Electron 6 because Chrome is getting more strict about origins. "The very foundation of what prebuilt is doesn't work anymore."
    * Given how much we've advertised it -- if we can't support it, Felix suggests we should deprecate it. (6.0.0 is scheduled to go stable on July 30)
1. From earlier meeting where we resolved to move Spectron & Devtron to Userland, there's an action item to "make a pull request to move Spectron/Devtron to Userland". Unsure what would those PRs actually look like? (@ckerr)
    * change the URLs
    * need an admin on both sides to move it from one owner to another. There is a big "transfer" button somewhere. You type in the org that you want to move it to. "Transfer ownership" is the keyword.
    * also, add a pinned issue saying maintainers wanted
1. Forge Update
    * Mark's been working on updating dependencies to Node 8
    * Could we ship without finishing all the updates? Yes, but easier if we complete it first.
    * Issue: if we say July 30 for Forge... can we actually recommend if it doesn't run Electron 4?
    * Forge beta is fairly stable. What's left TODO before a stable release is docs cleanup and to write a webpack template.
    * Felix is using Forge 6 and it's working well. Could we just release that and do the docs later?
    * Mark's concern is that we should have at least one working example of how to use webpack stuff in the templates.
    * "Today, not only does builder look better, but it's the only choice you have." -- maybe we give it another month, and if we can't get it out, at least we know we can't get it out? If that happens, we should not be endorsing Forge.
  
## Action Items

  - [ ] Moving Spectron & Devtron to Userland
     - [x] Add @ckerr as owner to userland (@malept)
     - [ ] Transfer ownership of Spectron & Devtron to Userland (@ckerr)
     - [ ] Create "Maintainers Wanted" issue to notify community (@ckerr)
  - [ ] Talk to @MarshallOfSound about prioritizing Forge stable release (@felix)

## Followup

1. How the [Squirrel.Windows deprecation](https://github.com/electron/electron/issues/17722) affects us (@malept)
    * [Reboot proposal from @shiftkey](https://github.com/Squirrel/Squirrel.Windows/issues/1470)
    * Someone from governance should be a part of talks if they aren't already
1. `electron-userland/electron-download` is now `@electron/get` - which modules to move next? (@malept)
    * Suggestions: `-osx-sign` (need to talk to Seth), `-notarize`
