## Docs and Tooling Working Group

Externally-focused tooling (e.g. Fiddle, Forge), and Electron documentation across website and electron repo.

### Membership

- @HashimotoYT
- @binarymuse *
- @ckerr *
- @kilian
- @malept
- @marshallofsound
- @felix
- @miniak

(`*` denotes interested in being WG chair)

**Discussion:**

- What are your areas of responsibility?
    * electron-userland?
        * Forge
        * Packager
        * Download
        * electron-installer-*
        * electron-compile
        * osx-sign
    * Tooling
        * Fiddle
        * Spectron
        * Devtron
        * Typescript Generator
        * Docs Linter
        * Rebuild
        * Quickstart & API Demo repos
        * Update server (update.electronjs.org)
    * Documentation
        * Like the actual docs themselves
- What repositories does that include?
    * ^^ the repos for those projects
- How often should you meet?
    * Bi-weekly
- How will you reach and record consensus?
    * First try to come to consensus
    * Motions pass by Majority (3/4? 2/3?) vote *or* WG Director approval(?)
    * Record notes in `electron/governance`
- Should this group be merged with another group?
    * Prob not - some overlap with website, but lots of other responsibilities
- Make sure list of members is correct
    * check
- Initial chair suggestion?
    * @ckerr 
- Membership requirements
    * Has shown willingness to provide solutions/feedback contributing to docs or tooling.
    * Members should fulfill commitments made or communicate if they cannot be met.
    * Gaining membership into the working group is contigent upon existing consensus rules

- Discussions
    - Should docs and tooling be two separate groups?
        - No, try it out together and adjust if necessary.

**Todo Items:**

1. Decisions about what governance (if any?) we want to have for userland
    * Also to be discussed at summit?
2. Get a concrete list of repos/areas of responsibility
3. Create WG team and add to governance repo (Michelle) :white_check_mark: 
4. Set up meetings (Michelle) :white_check_mark: 
5. Better versioned docs
    - eg function introduced in version x.x.x; deprecated in x.x.x
6. Docs from TS definitions
7. High level design and component docs/onboarding docs
8. @electron/* modules
9. Combine with outreach working group
