# Post-Summit: QA Working Group

Meeting date: Wed Sept 18 @1:00pm-PST


## Meeting Notes

A space for QA engineers to meet and collaborate.
A prerequisite would be other QA/engineers joining.
If we have more people joining, then we should create WG.
Discuss issues in e/e.
Discuss strategies for testing electron.
Tricky bugs.
Eventually this group could gatekeep declaring electron _stable_ ready to ship.
Creating list of common break points when upgrading. (e.g. keyboard shortcuts)
Marcel to do initial PR

## Houskeeping

Please PR a document with the following:

* Members
    * Maria (Pending C&S Approval)
    * Keeley (Pending C&S Approval)
    * David
    * Alexey
    * Sofia
* Identify Chair
    * Maria
* Oversees one liner
    * Oversees stability, quality, and testing criteria within Electron
* Parent group
    * Releases WG
* Areas of Responsibility
    * Strongly advises the stable release.
    * Long-term would oversee test automation and greenlight the stable release.
* Meeting Schedule
    * Every 4 weeks, wed 9:30am-PST
    * [Calendar Link](https://calendar.google.com/event?action=TEMPLATE&tmeid=NGp0NGU4OGtiYzExOGVvbWJkcmNpNGlyY2hfMjAxOTA5MjVUMTYzMDAwWiBjYzM3dmx1c2w2Z3Y2dnVvbjhrZGNqYzc3a0Bn&tmsrc=cc37vlusl6gv6vuon8kdcjc77k%40group.calendar.google.com&scp=ALL)

## To decide in first meeting

* Rules for Joining QA WG
* Can non-members attend meetings?
* Fill in initiatives with 1-2 paragraphs.

## Objective & Key Results

**Objective:**

Electron stable releases should be of high quality and easy for apps to upgrade.

**Key Results:**
1. Measure the average or cumulative delta between an electron stable release, and the AFP participants shipping that same stable release in their GA product.
2. Measure the average or cumulative delta between an electron stable release, and the AFP participants shipping that same stable release in their canary product.
3. Reduce the size of outstanding AFP-raised issues at the time of stable.
4. Reduce the number of _would-be blockers_ discovered _after_ a stable ship.

## Initiatives

### App Feedback Program
* Gather stable blocking bugs from large-scale Electron applications to have more quality in stable releases.
* Involve AFP app participants in feedback loop 

### QA Outreach and Recruitment
* Reach out to key organizations with QA support and bring them into this group.
* Find existing QA, or help organizations dedicate QA resources

### Stable Acceptance Criteria
* Determine an automated or semi-automated acceptence criteria for releasing a stable
* Include downstream app test suites as FYI-bots or stable-blocking-bots