# Docs & Tools WG meeting 2019-03-28

Thursday, March 28 2019 (9:00-9:30am PT)

## Attendees
* @BinaryMuse
* @HashimotoYT
* @Kilian
* @MarshallOfSound
* @ckerr
* @felixrieseberg

## Agenda


* Removing Unmaintained Modules
  * How do we know what's unmaintained?
  * Spectron and Devtron are mentioned. We don't have any volunteers to work on them; should they be moved to Userland?
    * Michelle: difficult to know priorities for projects outside of `electron/electron` 
  * What should we do with Spectron?
    * Kilian: still a lot of user-driven PRs. Can we find a community champion for it?
    * **RESOLVED**: by vote, move Spectron to userland
  * What should we do with Devtron?
    * **RESOLVED**: by vote, move Devtron to userland

* Is electron-api-demos doing anything that Fiddle doesn't?
  * After last meeting, Kilian looked at Fiddle & hadn't known it had API demos. Fiddle doesn't really "push" this feature; if we wanted Fiddle to be a replacement it could do a better job of demoing the API
  * Michelle agees that API demos does a good job of being interactive and demo'ing features. The kind of user who will find value in api-demos is less likely to find that in a power tool like Fiddle
  * Sam: Fiddle has the ability to launch a Fiddle with a link.
  * Discussion about having a unified set of demo code between docs / gists -> fiddle / api-demos


## Action Items

 - [ ] @ckerr make pull request to move Spectron to userland, then ping @MarshallOfSound
 - [ ] @ckerr make pull request to move Devtron to userland, then ping @MarshallOfSound
 - [ ] @felix will add a third button to "hello new user!" dialog to show Electron demos "Demonstrate the API to me"
