# Website Working Group

May 16, 2019

## Attendees

@BinaryMuse
@HashimotoYT
@ckerr
@kilian


## Discussion

* (@sofianguy) Suggestion for Release part of the website https://github.com/electron/electron/pull/17923#issuecomment-485984251
    * Michelle to open issue on e/electronjs.org, ping Sofia and Shiftkey
* (@BinaryMuse) Working group changes
    * Michelle is stepping down as Chair. :cry: 
    * Discussion that it's difficult for someone not in the loop to be chair, since we don't do a good job of telling non-Hubbers what's coming up. Charles proposes that this would be a good way to debug the governance process.
    * Kilian volunteers! :tada:
* (@Hashimoto) Documentation page: Jungle Expedition
	* Followup from Docs & Tools:
		> make electronjs.org/docs more organized & navigatable, increase the number of code samples so  that new users will know how to do anything in Electron
	1. Issues related to documentation page
		* 1354
		* 1312 (move to `ะต\ะต`, not related (also it's now covered by governance upgrades & releases)?)
		* 1239
		* 1157
		* 1156
		* 1077
		* 797
		* 604
		* 544
	2. Search doesn't work how should ([#1293](https://github.com/electron/electronjs.org/issues/1293) main issue).
		* all others issues related to this problem (`search` label - mostly duplicates)
		* PR to indices ([algolia-indices/32](https://github.com/electron/algolia-indices/pull/32))
		* 
	3. Discussion of low-hanging fruit (docs-fluit project on gh)
        * Add some simple links in addition to the autogenerated pages at the top of the docs page; e.g. "Getting Started"
	    * Link to GitHub `/docs` folder on a specific branch of non-stable versions of Electron
        * Rename "API Contract" to "Breaking Changes"
            * Ironically, would this be a breaking change? -- Set up permalink from old URL to new?
        * Less coupling between directory structure / #h1 items and where they show up on the website. The advantage of the approach is any documentation you add magically shows up; the downside is we have no control over the structure so it's just a Big List of Links.
        * Use the sorted list that Felix made that exists ...somewhere.
* (@BinaryMuse) right now it's possible to break website docs by moving files into the root `docs/` directory in `electron/electron`. We should make this more robust so that moving files won't flat-out break website. This is a bigger topic that we probably should follow up on.

## Updates

* (@BinaryMuse) [Randomize homepage apps + add corporate logos](https://github.com/electron/electronjs.org/pull/2328) ready to ship
    * Logos are lazy-loaded like the featured app icons
    * Finally resolves the "how do I get my app on the homepage" question
    * @BinaryMuse says this is ready for final review / ready to ship :tada:
    	* READY TO PRESS GRAY MERGE BUTTON :train:
* (@BinaryMuse) i18n tests OOMing (Out of Memory?) Travis, translations are out of date
	* `NODE_OPTIONS='--max_old_space_size=4096'` thx Desktop team :100: 
* (@HashimotoYT) [Add Electron hosted node headers redirect](https://github.com/electron/electronjs.org/pull/2522)
	* Awaiting instance and starts verifying.
	* Atom.io team?

## Action Items
 * Add documentation on how all the different pieces of the website pipeline fit together. (e.g. electronjs.org repo, electron/electron, i18n, crowdin (@BinaryMuse)
     * Michelle to start a document for this, have Zeke fill in the missing pieces
         * Also include Algolia search stuff
 * Check with Admin WG about how to get non-hubbers access to LastPass Electron secrets (e.g. the npm login) (@ckerr)
 * Code review of https://github.com/electron/electronjs.org/pull/2328 (@ckerr, @kilian, @Hashimoto)
 * Michelle to work on OOM issue on i18n, try out the `NODE_OPTIONS` that HashimotoYT mentioned
 * meta-TODO: @HashimotoYT will be adding action items for 2522 in Slack
