# Release WG Minutes

### Date: 2019-04-17

## Attendees

**Members**
* @sofianguy
* @marshallofsound
* @codebytere
* @robo
* @nitsakh

**Visitors**
* @HashimotoYT

## Agenda
*Please add your agenda items here **with** the name of the person adding the item*

1. (**@codebytere**) Messaging of bugfix priority and cadence
    * It's unclear to the community how we use our project boards and what it means for the status of their bugs
    * Clarify that project board doesn't mean active


2. (**@sofianguy**) 6.0.0 Release Timeline: proposed dates
    * Do we want to kick off 6.0.0-beta.1 a week after 5.0.0 release? 
    * Or do we want to kick off 6.0.0-beta.1 right after / day after 5.0.0 release? 
    * We can also discuss this in Vancouver next week
    * **Verdict:** Publish `6.0.0-beta.1` next Thursday, April 25

3. (**@sofianguy**) Future release timelines for beta.1 kickoffs -- do we want to start them right after / a day after a major release or a week after? 
    * **Verdict:** publish the first subsequent major beta a day after the stable has been published.

## Backport Requests

**Nota Bene:** If you are the requester, you are generally expected to attend the meeting. If you are unable to do so, please state your reason for requesting the backport.

* (**@alexeykuzmin**)
Those two below are just bugfixes for version 3.1.x, which is widely used.
    * https://github.com/electron/libchromiumcontent/pull/759
    * https://github.com/electron/electron/pull/17654
    * **Verdict:** Approve
* MarshallOfSound
    * https://github.com/electron/electron/pull/17847
    * 4-1-x, 5-0-x
    * **Verdict:** On Hold

## Action Items

- Shelley to clarify that project board doesn't mean active (in contributing.md)

## Follow-Up Discussion

* (**@codebytere**) Combining some functionality of our proliferation of release-related bots into one more multi-purpose bot
    * Ex. `cation`, `trop`, maybe?
