# Releases WG

### Date: 2019-05-15

## Attendees

**Members**
* @ckerr
* @MarshallOfSound
* @nitsakh
* @sofianguy

**Visitors**
* _(none)_

## Agenda

1. (**codebytere**) Should we support all supported branches the same way?
    * Ex. while we're stabilizing `6-x-y`, should we be backporting _all_ fixes to `3-x-y` or just critical/security fixes?
    * **RESOLVED:** No. Too much work for diminishing effort.
    * Rationale: Too much work for diminishing effort.
        * Stabilization gets all
        * Stable gets all
        * Oldest gets security
        * Middle gets some if it's not too much effort (weigh up effort vs impact of bug)
2. (**ckerr**) Suggestion: let's make it a practice to always link to the Breaking Changes doc in release blog posts & generated release notes. This came up in a Docs & Tools meeting in a discussion of how to make that more discoverable -- users reported only knowing about the document at all from the blog posts, but also that maybe it wasn't in each release.
    * Consensus: yes
    * Also Website WG should work on 'breaking changes' part of the site. Charles agrees and will take that TODO to Website WG.
3. (**marshallofsound**) Context Aware Native Modules
    * At the moment, the way we let people use native modules in Electron releases is they have to rebuild against our headers. We forcefully restart the renderer process to avoid conflict issues. Supposedly every time you reload a page it's a new process. However there are edge cases where sometimes it's the same process, which breaks native modules.
    * Sam suggests removing this and using Context Aware Native Modules, which were introduced in Node 12, and would allow native modules to be loaded twice in the same process because they would be in separate contexts and therefore no conflict.
 
## Backport Requests

- feat: allow setting working directory in `app.setUserTasks()` / `app.setJumpList()` [#18291](https://github.com/electron/electron/pull/18291)
    - **reason**: addresses user feedback: https://github.com/electron/electron/issues/17697
    - RESOLVED: Yes this one is OK.

**Nota Bene:** If you are the requester, you are generally expected to attend the meeting. If you are unable to do so, please state your reason for requesting the backport.

## Action Items

 1. Add rules to `governance/wg-releases/README.md` explaining the rules for when a backport is allowed into a stabilization branch, e.g. (@sofianguy)
 2. Create tracking issue for Context Aware Native Modules. This is a breaking change that we can advertise far in advance so that fewer users will be taken by surprise. (@MarshallOfSound)
        * Link to the tracking issue in the Breaking Changes document in master, 6-0-x. (@MarshallOfSound)
 3. Update release notes script to link to the breaking changes doc. (@ckerr)

## Follow-Up Discussion


