# Releases WG

### Date: 2019-05-08

## Attendees

**Members**
* @binarymuse
* @ckerr
* @codebytere
* @jkleinsc
* @sofianguy
* @zcbenz

**Visitors**

## Agenda

1. (**@codebytere**): I'd like to propose and discuss a change to the release system in terms of how we deal with minors vs patches.
    * [Proposal Doc](https://hackmd.io/N9Q3Nn50QyevcE0mWpIenw)
    * **Verdict:** YES, this will be implemented
2. (**@sofianguy**): Predictable minor releases. e.g., `v4.2.0`
    * We should let all AFP members know about minors when they're being considered, and also communicate to the general public better
    * More publicity on minor releases
    * **Verdict:** we should communicate potential new minors on consideration and the general public when they're released
3. (**@sofianguy**): supporting latest 3 major versions
    * If apps want to stay on old versions, why is this the case? How can we help them to upgrade more effectively?
    * Let's keep talking about this as needed.
4. (**@sofianguy**): Move Major Release Cadence meeting time to right after Releases WG agenda items

## Backport Requests

**Nota Bene:** If you are the requester, you are generally expected to attend the meeting. If you are unable to do so, please state your reason for requesting the backport.

## Action Items

* **@sofianguy** to move stabilization working group calendar event
* **@codebytere** to begin release process changes
* **@ckerr** to lead next week's meeting

## Follow-Up Discussion
