# Releases WG

### Date: 2019-06-12

## Attendees

**Members**
* @ckerr
* @codebytere
* @deepak1556
* @deermichel
* @erickzhao
* @marshallofsound
* @sofianguy
* @zcbenz

**Visitors**
None

## Agenda

1. (**@codebytere**) Should we specific varying levels of release line support in our public documentation?
    * **Verdict:** YES
    * Do we want to accept backports to security-only supported branches (e.g. v3.0.0)?
        * This is a debate between a desire to ensure end-users upgrade and a desire to not unintentionally hurt teams with lack of backwidth to maintain parity.
            * Every app has different resources and process for upgrades

## Backport Requests

 * [#18554](https://github.com/electron/electron/pull/18554) feat: Add option to conditionally disable site instance patches
     * Previously approved, but officially noted as approved in this meeting.
 * [#18757](https://github.com/electron/electron/pull/18757) **@MarshallOfSound** <-- 3/4/5/6 :D
     * Approved for 3/4/5/6
 * #[18756](https://github.com/electron/electron/pull/18756) fix: throw error on invalid URLs when setting cookie (**@erickzhao**)
     * Approved with some reservations about changing the resolve/reject behavior of promises in stabilization branches.
         * This is less significant here since it will be triggered only on client code that was already broken
         * Will be approved on GH after some stylistic changes are performed.

**Nota Bene:** If you are the requester, you are generally expected to attend the meeting. If you are unable to do so, please state your reason for requesting the backport.
 
## Action Items

* **@codebytere** to PR in release line support specification to support doc

## Follow-Up Discussion

* Return to [#18737](https://github.com/electron/electron/issues/18737) following coordination with Upgrades WG
