# Release WG Minutes

### Date: 3-6-19 

## Attendees

**Members**
@MarshallOfSound
@ckerr
@codebytere
@sofianguy

**Visitors**
@nornagon

## Agenda

1. `npm` module organization
  * `electron` vs `electron-nightly`
    * Proposal: use `electron-cfa` such that it's the only entity that can publish things via npm
    * Should we make an organization on `npm` to handle permissions in a unified fashion?
      * **Resolved** we should, but docs and tooling WG would be affected by this change and so it should be brought there before we act.
2. Process of adding new Releases WG members
  * Proposal
      1. attend 3 consecutive meetings, then request entry into the working group
      2. Entry request is voted on at a subsequent meeting, during a portion of the meeting which the requester does not attend
    * **Resolved** Proceed with the above proposal 
3. Deprecation of `4.0.0-beta.1` through `4.0.3` due to bad `NODE_MODULE_VERSION`
    * We broke ABI stability by changing our nmv in 4.0.3, with downstream consequences brought to our attention by maintainers of grpc
      * Update electron to 4.1 and tell all package maintainers to build a new release of their native module for 4.1
      * Update node-pre-gyp as outlined above and tell all package maintainers to update node-pre-gyp and build a new release of their native module
    * **Resolved** Update Electron to `4.1` and abandon `4.0`
4. Should we publish Linux 32-bit binaries?
  * They're no longer supported by Chrome, but they are published for Chromium (eg see https://chromium.woolyss.com/#linux)
  * Make it clear we won't prioritize fixes, or just not publish the binaries at all?
  * **Resolved** Keep shipping the binaries for the time being but flag them as unsupported in electron-download and subject to removal at anytime.  This was decided because it doesn't cost much to continue to make the releases available.  If at some point the maintenance around these releases becomes too much, those assets will be removed from the release assets.

## Action Items

* Log into npm and audit which tokens are being used to publish which packages (@codebytere)
* Inform the Docs & Tools WG about the upcoming removal / replacement of the `electron` npm user (should replace with `electron-cfa`) (@MarshallOfSound)
* Share @codebytere's audit list with Docs & Tools so they'll know what to fix (@MarshallOfSound)
* Add rules for entry into the WG to the governance repo (@sofianguy)
* Deprecation notice for dropping official support of Linux `ia32` (@jkleinsc)

## Follow-Up Discussion

* Electron/Chromium release schedule coordination

## Backport Requests

**Nota Bene:** If you are the requester, you are generally expected to attend the meeting. If you are unable to do so, please state your reason for requesting the backport.

NONE
