# Releases WG

### Date: 2019-09-04

## Attendees

**Members**
* @ckerr
* @codebytere
* @jkleinsc
* @MarshallOfSound
* @sofianguy
* @zcbenz

**Visitors**
* @DeerMichel
* @ErickZhao

## Agenda

* New WG Chair Election
    * **Verdict:** **@jkleinsc** is new chair ðŸŽ‰
* (**@jkleinsc**) - WOA releases:
    * [test 7-0-x on WOA](https://github.com/electron/electron/pull/20091)
    * [test 6-0-x on WOA](https://github.com/electron/electron/pull/20092)
    * [Add WOA release to 7-0-x](https://github.com/electron/electron/pull/20112)
    * [Add WOA release to 6-0-x](https://github.com/electron/electron/pull/20113)
* (**@codebytere**) test: make getPath(logs) spec more idempotent [20028](https://github.com/electron/electron/pull/20028)
    * This changes behavior (the prefix will be changed) but arguably is a fix, so should it be backported?
        * **Verdict:** Update existing PR to match incorrect code because, although the existing code is wrong, this would be a breaking change
        * Change in v8, note upcoming change in v7?
    * Discussion that the semantic change is a little trickier than replacing an API, e.g. client apps will want to move their logfiles. Ideally whatever we change will Just Work.
        * Agreement for followup discussion at summit to resolve how to do this. (Active stakeholders in discussion: @codebytere, @MarshallOfSound, @jkleinsc, @ckerr)

## Backport Requests

**Nota Bene:** If you are the requester, you are generally expected to attend the meeting. If you are unable to do so, please state your reason for requesting the backport. The PR in question must be _targeting_ the desired branch at the time of request.

None.

## Follow-Up Discussion

None.