# Release WG Minutes

### Date: 2019-03-27

## Attendees

**Members**
- @BinaryMuse
- @MarshallOfSound
- @ckerr
- @sofianguy
- @jkleinsc

**Visitors**
- @nitish


## Agenda
* Deprecating native arm mksnapshot (@jkleinsc)
    * from Upgrades WG, decision was made to deprecate because it is broken on M74. 
    * will add note when 5.0.0 goes stable
* 6.0.0 Release schedule (@sofianguy)
    * postpone to next week
* Rebasing Node in 5.0 beta. Discussion: [1](https://github.com/electron/node/pull/98#issue-264905618), [2](https://github.com/electron/electron/issues/17309#issuecomment-477126169) (issue raised by @zcbenz, added to agenda by @ckerr)
    * **RESOLVED**: We'll be going with the Node rebase instead of using these PRs. This has been discussed in Upgrades WG (but maybe not in Releases WG until now?).
* follow-up from last week's decision for 12 week release cadence -- would we still support latest 3 versions? Or more? (@sofianguy)
    * @jkleinsc raised the point in last week's discussion -- would we need to support more versions because of the higher release velocity? @MarshallOfSound and @jkleinsc both remember the decision being "No" -- meaning the support life of a release would be about 36 weeks.
* The new release cadence would affect the companies doing beta testing. @sofianguy thinks we would have to prioritize the latest beta bugs on top of the latest major stable bugs.
    * For example we release 6.0 beta, we would prioritize those bugs _and_ the 5.0 stable bugs that were affecting AFP members.
    * The reason is companies are not going to release fast enough for a single cycle.

## Action Items
- [ ] @nitsakh will contact @zcbenz about the Node rebase and those two PRs listed in the agenda above

## Follow-Up Discussion
* 6.0.0 Release schedule (@sofianguy)


## Backport Requests

**Nota Bene:** If you are the requester, you are generally expected to attend the meeting. If you are unable to do so, please state your reason for requesting the backport.
