# Post-incident report for 1 May 2020

## What happened

On April 23, after automatic dependencies update, the website was unable to be deployed successfully. The Ecosystem WG disabled the automatic deploys and reverted the website to the last good commit.

## First investigation (around 0:00 UTC May 1)

We started the investigation of the errors. We created 2 deploys: a `master` branch build with the latest changes, and a build with a potential fix - both failed. These deploys did not result in any new information. The main problem was that the crash was only reproducible on the `master` deploy, which made debugging difficult.

## Further Investigation (Morning of May 1 for Europe)

The investigation continued by starting an isolated Heroku instance of the website. It was created to read build logs, and to more easily debug errors. The build log gave more information about the Node version and the dependencies used.

The build logs indicated that we used Node 14 when deploying from `master`, which is different from the CI environment, and not what we planned to use for production deploys at this time. The issue is that `package.json` specifies the Node version range to `>= 12`.

We didn't initially investigate the Node version, as we thought that Heroku picks Node 12 by default, as it is the LTS version (which is not the case).

At around 19:45 UTC, we merged the hotfix patch that was tested in the isolated instance. This commit was successfully deployed, and there has not been any further downtime related to this problem since.

## Root cause: deploying with Node 14

> We found reproduction and root cause of the crash and update the post when we have more information.
> That section not be updated since at the moment of writing we didn't know the root cause.

We are unable to confirm that this is the root cause since we were unable to fully reproduce it, and the logs of the crash are empty. The most likely reasons why Node 14 could not deploy the website are:

- Building `node-sass` from source instead of using the prebuilt binaries.
- Some module has errors when running Node 14.

## How could this be prevented

Using the `>=12 <14` Node version range, it gives the lock on that we never take the new major version before testing.
