# Delayed Ship Date Retro - Electron `v5.0.0`
## April 23rd, 2019

### What Happened

Per our pre-published [timeline](https://electronjs.org/blog/electron-5-0-timeline), the
Electron team planned to release the first stable version of Electron to the greater development
community. This release process is performed using a automated bot-based system run through Slack.
We triggered the first release attempt at 9:29 AM, which failed quickly. This was remedied and a second
attempt was undertaken at 9:35 AM. This release proceeded for about 1.5 hours, and then failed at 11:12 AM.

The day's final attempt was triggered at 11:33 AM . It proceeded without incident for several hours,
but at 2:01 PM the same day failed. We chose to not clean up the assets for this day's release, with the
understanding that we could likely undertake manual actions to complete the release. However, no manual
actions were undertaken owing to a miscommunication regarding the specific caue of the final failure.
The following morning at 9:45 AM, the release process was re-initiated and the release was successfully
published to npm at 9:50 AM.

### Incident Causes

The first failure (9:29 AM 4/23/19) was caused by a failure in the version bump script. This was quickly
remedied and then the second attempt was initiated. This failure was caused by an error in updating the
`atom.rc` file, a file which is required on the Windows operating system to delineate new versions.
This could be fixed manually by an engineer, and was not caused by Sudowoodo itself. 

The final failure was caused by CI infrastructure failure. Within Sudowoodo, we account for a certain
threshold of failures, as CI sometimes glitches and reruns its containers which can appear as a false
positive failure. This threshold was reached, owing to a validation failure of the asset upload process
through GitHub. As of recent, corrupted assets can be removed through the web UI for GitHub, and so we
could remove this broken asset without needing to re-trigger any other completed builds.

### How This Could Have Been Prevented

Foremost, this could have been prevented by triggering the initial release at least a day or more in advance.
It's become clear that the target ship date should be regarded as the last resort, in that it should be shipped
as far in advance of that date as reasonably possible. This is for two reasons:

1) Sudowoodo, while robust and reliable the majority of the time, is often subject to failures outside of
its control (namely CI infrastructure failures and GitHub asset upload failures)
2) Our community expects us to adhere to our release schedule, and from an engineering standpoint we are
capable of being ready given requisite preparation to ship at least a day in advance (and have done so for
previous stable ships).

In addition to the above, we chose to engineer a solution to the release re-run code. This was successful
and had the desired effect, but could have been done _after_ a manual release was performed by an engineer.
Prioritizing the release at hand as opposed to the underlying problem would have been the optimal decision.

### Future Actions

In the future, there are several key actions we need to take to prevent this from occurring again.

We will continue to disseminate knowledge of Sudowoodo's inner workings and troubleshooting techiques, a
process which has already been initiated by means of [this pull request](https://github.com/electron/governance/pull/79).

In addition, we will plan in advance to trigger an initial stable release with Sudowoodo a minimum of 24
hours in advance of the ship date. For a release date of (for example) June 25th, this would mean triggering
Sudowoodo on the morning of June 24th.

Finally, we will continue to program in resilience to Sudowoodo itself to account for negative externalities
like CI infrastructure failure and asset upload failure.
