# Docs & ~~Tooling~~ *Tools* WG meeting

2019-02-28

## Attendees

- Charles
- Felix
- Kilian
- Mark
- Nitish
- Sam
- Vlad

## Agenda/Discussion

- renaming the WG: s/tooling/tools/ (@ckerr)
    - **Action Item**: resolved: Do it :+1:
- `asar@1.0.0` update (@malept)
    - Everything is updated except winstaller
        - https://github.com/electron/windows-installer/pull/290
        - **Action Item**: Sam ~~seals~~ __deals__ with it :sunglasses:
    - Flatpak is an issue (unmaintained)
        - https://github.com/endlessm/electron-installer-flatpak/pull/25
        - **Action Item**: Mark to temp fork to update Forge (@electron-forge/maker-flatpak), more interaction with upstream needed to get an actual release and/or move to -userland
- WG README feedback (@malept)
  -  https://github.com/electron/governance/pull/5
  - What does "oversee" mean?
- Do we want to publish a version of spellchecker that works with Electron 5? (@nornagon, @MarshallOfSound)
  - There are several different versions of spellchecker and none of them work
  - **Action Item**: Felix to merge / release new (major) version
- The agenda was >30 min.
  - **Action Item**: Resolved to schedule 60 min meetings in the future but they need not actually run 60 min if a meeting's agenda is smaller

## Overflow

- Where do meta docs belong? e.g. we have a how-to-make-pull-requests doc in `electron/electron/docs` -- should it go there or in `electron/governance`?
- Followup from [Userland discussion at 2/19 Mini Summit](https://hackmd.io/eXYygO28TreKsv8JRctweQ?both)
  - Userland :arrow_right: Core
  - Being Opinionated:tm:
  - Removing Unmaintained Modules
