# Docs & Tools WG meeting 2019-04-19

## Attendees

* @felix
* @Hashimoto
* @kilian
* @malept
* @nitish

## Agenda

* Followup: Fiddle make API demos more prominent? (@felix action item, added to agenda by @ckerr)
* Moving `@electron/download` to the `@electron` org [and releasing](https://github.com/electron-userland/electron-download/issues/83) (@malept)
  * Set up CFA
* `electron-prebuilt-compile` maintenance (@malept)
  * Needs to have automatic releases
  * Merge Felix's scripts and set up a cron somewhere?
  * Related: `electron-compile` is [no longer maintained](https://github.com/electron-userland/electron-compile/commit/744cf09ed4aa28f8507ba1e6a39f0977993214dc)
* assigning the WG to docs PRs (@malept)
  * [CODEOWNERS declarations](https://github.com/electron/electron/blob/e7c48922e77b0043f2d829b4e8c44c0d2b45d500/.github/CODEOWNERS#L15-L17) not working? [Example](https://github.com/electron/electron/pull/17639)
* WG permissions to docs/tools repos (@malept)
  * Example: `electron/fiddle`
* Season of Docs (@felix)

## Action Items

* Add `@electron/download` items to the Hack Week agenda (for @MarshallOfSound)
* @felix to set up / coordinate the automatic commits/releases for `electron-prebuilt-compile`
* @malept to post to some appropriate Slack channel about `CODEOWNERS` and WG permissions to docs/tools since there were no GitHub org admins at the meeting
  * @felix to add WG members to the Fiddle repo
* WG members to look over and possibly contribute to the Season of Docs ideas repository

## Followup

* Unified Documentation
  * Launching code examples from docs into Fiddle (@ckerr)
  * What changes would we need to make to the docs in `electron/electron`? (@ckerr)
* How the [Squirrel.Windows deprecation](https://github.com/electron/electron/issues/17722) affects us (@malept)
