# Ecosystem WG meeting 2019-10-10

Thursday, Oct 10, 2019 (9:00-9:30am PT)

## Attendees

* @ckerr
* @felix
* @HashimotoYT
* @Kilian
* @malept
* @MarshallOfSound
* @erickzhao

## Agenda

* Membership updates
  * @erickzhao would like to join
    - Approved! ðŸŽ‰
* Key Result status updates
  * Increase adoption of Electron-provided tooling (@ckerr)
      * build-tools has been rewritten in JS to have same feature set on all 3 platforms
      * Electron Forge 6 to go to website
      * How to track numbers so that we know if we're increasing it?
          * Ideally, we will scrape npm counts daily and add to grafana. Sam will investigate feasability.
          * Collect page views of Forge documentation
  * Decrease percentage of documented poor-practices (needs point person!)
  * Increase views on /docs (@felix)
* Followup from previous meetings
  * @MarshallOfSound will find and send the project inclusion draft he made to @malept for review
      * https://hackmd.io/jH9odI6jRiWV6WUlBV0QCg
  * Status check on Hacktoberfest issue (@erickzhao)
* Archive electron-api-demos (@hashimoto)
  * Will wait until after demos are migrated to Fiddle
* Some questions around open in Fiddle (@hashimoto)
  * respond async in opened issues
* Issues on macOS Catalina (10.15) building Windows targets (@malept)
  * Affects rcedit & electron-winstaller
  * Need help, respond in issues (e.g. https://github.com/electron/electron-packager/issues/1055)
* Status of Electron Forge 6.0? (Currently: 6.0.0-beta.45) (added by @ckerr, answer by @malept)
* Should meetings have a 1 hr time slot? (Even if we don't use a full hour) (@ckerr)

## Action Items

* [ ] Erick added to all user groups and permission groups and all the groups and stuff (@marshallofsound)
* [ ] **Investigate** piping npm download counts into grafana (@marshallofsound)
* [ ] **Investigate** piping gitbook views + ratings into grafana (@marshallofsound)
* [ ] Felix should **think** about how to do the work for decrease documented poor-practices (@felix)
* [ ] Raise an issue in Fiddle for multiple html files / limitations found in the hacktoberfest issue (@erickzhao)
* [ ] Ping JDD about unblocking Forge 6. Also, look at previous notes to find who else volunteered (@malept)
* [ ] Move the biweekly meeting by a week, starting next week, so we can increase the timeslot to an hour (@ckerr)
