# Docs & Tools WG meeting 2019-06-06

## Attendees
 - @BinaryMuse
 - @HashimotoYT
 - @MarshallOfSound
 - @ckerr
 - @felix
 - @kilian
 - @malept
 - @milan
 - @shiftkey

## Agenda

1. How the [Squirrel.Windows deprecation](https://github.com/electron/electron/issues/17722) affects us (@malept)
    * [Reboot proposal from @shiftkey](https://github.com/Squirrel/Squirrel.Windows/issues/1470) -- rebooting the maintainer group, adding people to triage issues, etc.
    * Someone from governance should be a part of talks if they aren't already
    * Felix says that Jann (@bitdisaster) from Slack may be interested in picking this up.
1. `electron-userland/electron-download` is now `@electron/get` - which modules to move next? (@malept)
    * Suggestions: `-osx-sign` (need to talk to Seth), `-notarize`
    * We've discussed moving important modules from userland to `electron/*`. It's not an immediate need but something we should discuss. The ability to sign is super important.
1. What Electron versions should tools support? (@malept)
    * [Background](https://github.com/electron/get/issues/96)
    * One option: only have tools support the [officially supported versions](https://electronjs.org/docs/tutorial/support#supported-versions)
    * RESOLVED: yes, we only support the officially-supported versions
1. Can we improve docs updates? (@kilian)
    * I'd be happy to review (more) + merge docs changes but that needs commit access on the entire Electron repo. Can we figure out a way to let more people work on docs without giving them access to the entire repo? (e.g. with docs as a submodule?)
    * Same for review requests, not possible in the current setup.
    * Meeting ran out of time, this discussion will be followed-up in the Slack channel

## Action Items

 * @felix: reach out to Jann to contact Brendan about Squirrel.Windows work
 * @felix: will look at the modules that Slack uses to evaluate which ones he thinks would be candidates for moving into `electron/*`
 * @kilian: will talk to Seth about possibly moving `-osx-sign` to `electron/*`
 * @ckerr: will move `-notarize` to `electron/*`
 * @ckerr: will move `devtron` / `spectron` to `electron-userland/*` (per previous meeting)
