# Docs & Tools WG meeting 2019-03-14

Thursday, March 14 2019

## Attendees

- Charles
- Michelle
- Nitish
- Sam
- Mark
- Kilian
- Vlad

## Agenda

- New 60 minute timeslot for meeting? (Per last meeting)
    - **Resolved** do this, but time slot not determined
    - Emoji-vote in WG Slack channel async
- Are `rcedit` and `node-rcedit` associated with this WG?
    - https://github.com/electron/node-rcedit
    - **Resolved**: we own 'em
- Where do meta docs belong? e.g. we have a how-to-make-pull-requests doc in `electron/electron/docs` -- should it go there or in `electron/governance`?
    - **Resolved**: the docs are different enough that they should stay separate -- the one in `electron/electron` talks about semantic commits, code style, etc.
- CFA - What, how, who?
    - https://github.com/electron/cfa
    - WG members should be able to authorize
    - DM Sam with an email to get enabled
- Followup from Userland discussion at 2/19 Mini Summit
  - Userland :arrow_right: Core
      - Felix proposes a test: how much would we be affected if package X was compromised
      - What should be in core?
          - download: yes.
          - electron-compile: no. used to be in core but isn't now.
          - `electron-installer-*`: yes
  - Being Opinionated:tm:
      - Choosing userland modules, explicitly recommending one app over another (e.g. Forge / Builder)


## Action Items
 - [ ] Propose & emoji-vote on new meeting times in Slack channel [Charles]
 - [x] Update repo list in `electron/governance` with `rcedit` and `node-rcedit` [Michelle]
     - https://github.com/electron/governance/pull/50
 - [x] Get people access to `electron/cfa` [Sam]
     - [x] Nitish
     - [x] Kilian
     - [x] Hashimoto

## Next Meeting
- Removing Unmaintained Modules
- Is electron-api-demos doing anything that Fiddle doesn't?
