# Ecosystem WG
Date: November 26, 2020

## Attendees
* @erickzhao
* @kilian
* @malept
* @Toinane

## Agenda

### Electron app developer survey

Some key takeaways that are actionable by our working group:

#### Documentation should be more navigable

It should be easier to navigate our documentation to find key docs. Our current index page is a large markdown list
of all of our available documentation. This is too much of an information dump for most users.

**Actions:** Replace the `/docs` index page with a better structure. This could be something like having a sidebar navigation
combined with an "Introduction" page that eases you into the different sections of the documentation.

#### Documentation should reflect best practices

Our overall documentation should reflect the current state of what we consider to be "best practices". For instance,
we recommend using `contextIsolation` and `contextBridge` when loading untrusted content, but we never mention this
outside of the Security tutorial, which is hidden under "Advanced Topics". None of our tutorials or API demos mention
this concept outside of the `contextBridge` doc itself.

**Actions:** Coordinate with other working groups to rework guides to fit best practices whenever new features come out or
old features are deprecated.

#### Official tooling

Some users would like to have additional support for official Electron tooling.

**Actions:** As we've previously discussed, eventually get Electron Forge to the v6 stable.

### Season of Docs Summary

It's the last week of Season of Docs. Work done so far: cleanup of quickstart and tutorial docs, restructuring of
`/docs` page, and addition of Open with Fiddle examples.

### Internationalization

* With new versions of Electron, translators are being asked to translate old strings even though they're identical.
* Let's scope down our languages to the most used ones.
