# Ecosystem WG

Thursday May 14, 2020 (9:00 AM - 10:00 AM PT)

## Attendees

- @erickzhao
- @felixrieseberg
- @HashimotoYT
- @malept
- @MarshallOfSound

## Agenda

### Follow-up
* Appzi for electronjs.org feedback
    * Plugin is live, see feedback at #bot-appzi or log into the portal.
    * @erickzhao is working with Jacob to purchase their pro plan.
    * We can use [Reacji Channeler](https://pseudo-apt.slack.com/apps/A1BFDR28J-reacji-channeler) into a second Slack channel that will only contain more focused feedback.
    * Appzi's options are limited. We should send Appzi an email about what we'd like:
        * Make text mandatory
        * Filter Slack bots
* [`electron/hubdown`](https://github.com/electron/hubdown) migration
    * @MarshallOfSound  has talked about it to @zeke. The latter is busy, and will contact us when we're ready.
* WG goals ([Slack thread](https://electronhq.slack.com/archives/CNTJBD467/p1588268272084400))
    * Fix "Launch in Fiddle"
    * Docs: Season of Docs can deal with it.
    * electron-forge: Stable blocked on Native Modules with Webpack. Let's mention it in the README and make a meta-issue to track it (@malept).
    * Fiddle: For now, let's consider it mostly feature-complete. Let's make Electron version support smoother (@felixrieseberg).
    * How to get support? Let's recommend StackOverflow instead of the Atom Slack. Discord would be nice, but no one has time to take on a full-time community role.
    * Job Postings? Not sure how to start this off, but it'd be good to think about in the future.
    * `electronjs.org` dependencies: our major dependencies are core electron stuff. Nothing else that's huge, other than maybe BrowserSync.
    * Make website core modules stable:
        * i18n broke last week (didn't build content updates)
        * Report back to Slack channel (e.g. `#bot-website-ops`) ? @hashimotoyt is building a prototype and will report back next meeting.

### New Items
* [Google Season of Docs 2020](https://github.com/electron/season-of-docs-2020/blob/master/project-ideas.md) update (@erickzhao)
* Deprecation of `remote` module: what documentation needs to be updated? (@erickzhao)
    * This is important and nobody is looking at it right now. Let's talk about it later.
* Meeting time? 16:00 UTC is tough for @kilian 
    * @malept has to go to meetings at 17:00 UTC
    * Earlier is difficult for folks on PT to make it
    * @erickzhao will ask @kilian
  
### Issue Tracker Triage
* Open pull requests for the WG to review ([link](https://github.com/pulls?q=is%3Apr+team-review-requested%3Aelectron%2Fwg-ecosystem+archived%3Afalse+is%3Aopen+))
    * [electronjs.org#3939 - collect events on the website](https://github.com/electron/electronjs.org/pull/3939)
* Open pull requests mentioning the WG in a comment ([link](https://github.com/pulls?q=is%3Apr+team%3Aelectron%2Fwg-ecosystem+archived%3Afalse+is%3Aopen))
* Open issues on `electron/electron` specifically for documentation ([link](https://github.com/electron/electron/issues?utf8=%E2%9C%93&q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3A%22documentation+%3Anotebook%3A%22+))
* Open pull requests on `electron/electron` specifically for documentation ([link](https://github.com/electron/electron/pulls?utf8=%E2%9C%93&q=is%3Apr+is%3Aopen+%22docs%22+in%3Atitle))
    * [docs: update contextIsolation documentation on access to globals (#19732)](https://github.com/electron/electron/pull/19732)

## Action Items
- @erickzhao: Email Appzi to give feedback about their lack of preferences.
- @erickzhao: Try to figure out better if there's a better meeting time.
- @felixrieseberg: Look into making the Electron Fiddle experience for switching between major versions more user-friendly.
- @HashimotoYT: Work on prototype for reporting on broken electronjs.org modules.
- @malept: Prepare electron-forge stable with a note that Native Node Module support with Webpack is not fully supported.


## Long-term TODOs
Documentation:
* Update documentation for `remote` given the deprecation notice in Electron 9.

Website:
* Update website to properly recommend the Electron StackOverflow tag over the Atom Slack workspace.
* Figure out a way to integrate job postings into website.
* Fix "Launch in Fiddle" button on electronjs.org
* Update electronjs.org/community page.

Ecosystem projects:
* Release Electron Fiddle v1.0.0 after stabilizing current features.
* Fully deprecate `electron-api-demos`.
