# Ecosystem WG
Date: April 15, 2021

## Attendees
* @erickzhao
* @kilian
* @malept
* @molant
* @toinane

## Agenda
* Microsoft hackathon (@erickzhao)
  * TODO: Need to figure out how we’ll be merging docs in at a reasonable pace.
  * What should we focus this hackathon on?
    * Writing guides?
    * Some parts of the documentation are written with very technical terms. We could rewrite these to be more friendly to people without organizational context.
    * contextBridge
    * Make existing guides compatible with security best practices
  * Website rewrite
* Backporting documentation (@molant)
  * We’ve been failing to backport documentation PRs pretty often. We’ve proposed to the Releases WG to add a mandatory backport label to trop.
* Sunsetting algolia-indices (@erickzhao)
  * How do we get DocSearch to migrate to the new website?
* Ownership about apps repository (@toinane)
  * Toinane will take the lead on apps repository.
