# QA Working Group

### Date: 2020-08-05

## Attendees:

**Members:**
* Anna
* Andrea
* Marcel
* Sofia

**Visitors:**


## Agenda:

* Topics for Summit?
    * see [public doc](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Gtg9Ey7BHa3zxzjGrIQjGaV-4PEKCo5sVaYOqwTL6go/edit) for current schedule and all summit info (e.g., tickets)
* Updates from apps
* next week to talk about kick starting the documentation OKR

## Follow-up Discussion:


## Action Items:
