# QA Working Group

### Date: 2020-09-09

## Attendees:

**Members:**
* Keeley
* Maria
* Andrea
* Anna
* Sofia

**Visitors:**


## Agenda:

* Talk about kick starting the documentation OKR
    * Sofia to create a file in gov repo to start documentation
    * Members to start adding documentation of their upgrade process
* Chair rotation
    * We're way overdue for a rotation... Maria has been the chair for a year :grimacing: 
    * chair responsibilities: https://github.com/electron/governance/tree/master/charter#leadership
    * Maria will post a message in channel to ask since we're missing a few members today
* Updates/issues/challengies from each company

## Follow-up Discussion:


## Action Items:
