# QA Working Group

### Date: 2020-06-10

## Attendees:

**Members:**
* Marcel
* Sofia
* Maria
* Keeley
* Andrea
* David
* Katia

**Visitors:**
* Anna
* Trent

## Agenda:
* Virtual Electron summit in August. Who's attending?
    * Planning is still in the works 
    * Planning team is sourcing discussion topics and then a formal agenda will be sent out
    * Dates are Mon-Thu (Aug 10-13)
* Updates on Electron integration from each company
* Electron changlog verification. Can backports be identified in the title?
    * Current release notes is difficult to filter between bp vs new pull request that is not in previous release
    * We can potentially have a section dedicated to new PRs, not in previous version
* New OKRs https://github.com/electron/governance/pull/287
    * set up dedicated OKRs planning meeting with Anton. Set up for last week of june / first week of july
* Add Anna as a full member of WG-QA
    * **Approved**

## Follow-up Discussion:


## Action Items:
