## Release WG Minutes - 2/13/19 

## Attendees

* @MarshallOfSound
* @codebytere
* @nornagon
* @jkleinsc
* @ckerr
* @sofianguy

## Agenda

1. M73 into `5-0-x` or `6-0-x` [#16876](https://github.com/electron/electron/issues/16876)
  * **Verdict:** Merge M73 into `5-0-x`
    * We should **not** consider this to have set a precedent for future decisions
    * Question: Does this change our [timeline](https://electronjs.org/blog/electron-5-0-timeline) for 5.0.0 stable?
      * No, we don't believe it will
    * Question: external comms?
      * Update the issue, close the issue after M73 has been merged into `5-0-x`
      *No need for blog post
2. Question: should we enable `sccache` on macOS release builds?
  * **Verdict:** We will enable `macOS` release builds
  * Mitigating attack vectors
    * Separate bucket with separate S3 keys
      * Authenticated get?
    * Periodically burn & regen keys?
    * Enable versioning on the bucket
      * Script to verify we don't have more than 1 version
3. Question: should we include docs changes in release notes?
  * **Verdict:** Yes, but not in their current form. 
    * Specific details have yet to be determined.
  * Right now we just include the PR numbers. is this useful?
  * Other options
    * List of contributors names at the end of the release notes?
    * Linkify people's github handles and put them next to the notes?
  * It's important that we value non-`feat`/`fix` changes
4. Proposal: new style of release notes generation
  * [Proposal For Change 🔗](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Z65bF4ixcgD3ISk0Cg0c0xDQF-VV5_zcJHCG-73-8bc/edit#)
    * Technical challenge is updating PR comments, which is a part that doesn't already exist.
    * Something like this would be good.
      * Let's keep working on the proposal & make a prototype.

## Followup

* Discuss how we're going to avoid the M73 scenario in future.