# Upgrades WG weekly meeting 2019-03-26

## Attendees

**Members**
* John (@jkleinsc)
* Deepak (@robo)
* Sam (@marshallofsound)
* Jeremy (@nornagon)
* Alexey Kuzmin (@alexeykuzmin)

**Visitors**
* Nitish (@nitsakh), meeting #2/3
* Ujjwal (@ryzokuken), meeting #3/3

## Followup
* Approve [joining process](https://github.com/electron/governance/pull/61)
* Followup: Japanese Era in 3.1
    * How will this break if we don't backport?
        * date formatting. not character display.
    * https://github.com/electron/electron/pull/17518
    * MS teams wants this
    * first step merge to 4
    * PR isn't too scary
    * we should add a test
    * Next step: merge to 4 and verify the patch

## Agenda
* Native arm mksnapshot is broken - fix or abandon?
    * chromium doesn't intend mksnapshot and v8 context generator to be built as arm binary
    * v8 team said it should probably work but they don't support it
    * workaround, just run the binaries (targeting arm) on x64 linux and move them over
    * let's drop support and see who complains
    * still works in 5.0.x, let's issue a deprecation in the release notes and remove it in 6
* Rolling to node 12 - any updates? challenges?
    * Nitish has been working on this
    * most changes rebased to 12
    * no major challenges
    * v8 7.4 hasn't been merged to node 12 yet
    * should have something by end of today
* M75 sitrep
    * Sam gives an update
    * upgrade went cleanly
    * Linux & mac went green straight away (nice!)
    * Roadbump: windows. m75 starts using a custom libc++
    * incompatible with some of our code
    * in theory causes issues with native node modules
    * we're gonna turn off the custom libc++ and go back to using VS's libc++
    * this isn't a long-term solution though...
    * let's talk about this at blinkon
    * let's also talk to CEF
* Windows On ARM
    * Arm folks reached out to John & Shelley
    * Building on CH 74 requires clang patch/CH 75 should be ok
    * CI machine available
    * Build will happen on Appveyor, then ship the binary over to VSTS
    * John to work on this this week
    * is this officially supported in chromium?
    * not yet in m74. but probably eventually? m75 maybe?
    * hoping to have some conversations at blinkon
    * #proj-win-on-arm
* Network service
    * no exact deadline
    * there's a tracking bug upstream for deleting the old code path
    * notification from embedders-dev@
    * most of the modules - protocols, cookies, session, net - are all built on the old network module in the browser process
    * new code is in a separate process
    * [electron tracking bug](https://github.com/electron/electron/issues/15791)
    * [chromium tracking bug](https://bugs.chromium.org/p/chromium/issues/detail?id=598073)
    * needs to be switched on all together
    * #proj-nw-s13n
