# 2019-04-30
## Attendees
**Members**
* Samuel (@MarshallOfSound)
* Alexey (@alexeykuzmin)
* Jeremy (@nornagon)
* John (@jkleinsc)
* Shelley (@codebytere)
* Ujjwal (@ryzokuken)

**Visitors**
* Sofia (@sofianguy)
* Dyck German (@DyckGerman)
* Arnaud Budkiewicz (@arnaudbud)
* Nitish (@nitsakh)
* Evgeny

## Followup

* Custom Media Stream Tracks: https://github.com/electron/electron/issues/17690 
    * [FOLLOWUP] Ujjwal and Shelley to look at the proposal & decide a course of action
    * It's a new module, which would be a significant change to API & some substantial work
    * [Sam]'s main concerns are the maintenance burden with Chromium's refactoring
    * [Arnaud] we're trying to improve the screen sharing code. For instance, removing the app itself from the shared stream, or adding more things that are visible on the screen but not in the picker. The audience is enterprise communication, e.g. WebEx, Zoom. Need access to APIs that aren't exposed to do this efficiently. We have something that works today, but it's 4x slower than it could be.
    * It's a ~900 line diff https://github.com/electron/electron/compare/5-0-x...DyckGerman:custom-media-stream
    * Sam suggests raising a PR so comments can happen.
    * [ACTION] Dyck to raise a draft PR. https://github.blog/2019-02-14-introducing-draft-pull-requests/
* (@alexeykuzmin) remove Vulkan stuff
    * [ACTION] Alexey to follow up on when this will actually be used
    * disabling vulkan didn't work, but Milan found a different build flag related to ANGLE to disable the validation layers.
    * we'll re-enable vulkan.
    * vulkan won't be mandatory any time soon on any platform.
    * absent a good reason, we should leave the enable_vulkan setting at default.

## Agenda
* (@sofianguy) Release scheduling. i.e., 6.0.0 Schedule
    * https://electronjs.org/docs/tutorial/electron-timelines#600-release-schedule
    * Upgrades needs to be on-time to pass off to Releases WG to release beta.1 on time
        * beta.1 release is a set-in-stone date
    * We need to branch off of master in time for the correct version
        * there are a variety of possible strategies here
        * [ACTION] Sam & Jeremy to discuss branching strategy
    * We should consider doing a release today! [ACTION] sam
* Rotating lkgr upgrader role
    * Last Known Good Revision
    * 
* Patch auditing
    * https://github.com/electron/electron/projects/13
* Vote on @nitsakh's membership
    * Approved
    * [ACTION] (Someone) to add Nitish to the relevant teams on Slack and GitHub
