# 2019-05-07

## Attendees
**Members**
* Jeremy (@nornagon)
* John (@jkleinsc)
* Nitish (@nitsakh)
* Ujjwal (@ryzokuken)
* Shelley (@codebytere)

**Visitors**

## Followup
* (@sofianguy) Release scheduling. i.e., 6.0.0 Schedule
    * We need to branch off of master in time for the correct version
        * [ACTION] Sam & Jeremy to discuss branching strategy
        * has not been done :D
* Rotating lkgr upgrader role
    * Discuss schedule
    * Create triage steps document? 
        * current status (e.g. ongoing refactors, upstream bugs filed, tests temporarily disabled)
    * Responsibility isn't to get the PRs to green, it's just to be looking at the build. totes OK to ask for help
    * Should it be everyone in the group or a subset?
        * It's OK to opt-out, but by default everyone should be in the rotation

## Agenda
* Switching Appveyor to hosted
    * we still control the vm image
    * capped at 40 concurrent builds
