# API Working Group

## Date: 2019-10-24

### Attendees

**Members:**

* @nornagon
* @codebytere
* @miniak
* @ckerr
* @marshallofsound
* @keeleyhammond
* @willanderson

**Visitors:**

None

### Agenda

- delete `<webview>.getWebContents()`?
    - @miniak had a PR to deprecate this and move it to the remote module [#17201](https://github.com/electron/electron/pull/17201), resurrected as [#20726](https://github.com/electron/electron/pull/20726)
    - something like `remote.webContentsFromId(webview.webContentsId)` (we already have undocumented `remote.getGuestWebContents()`)
    - how can users check that the webview belongs to a given page (if you send `webview.webContentsId` to the main process)?
    - what are current usages? - context menu, others?
    - when we deprecate, we should note how to replace it
    - no dissent for deprecating & removing
- move remote to electron-userland?
    - can't use process.electronBinding from sandboxed processes
    - bad to depend on electronBinding from 3rd-party modules
    - v8 WeakRef would let us drop a lot of the remote-specific native code
    - is there a race condition that requires synchronous IPC during GC?
- [#20682](https://github.com/electron/electron/pull/20682) - feat: split shell.openItem into sync and async
- Renderer-to-renderer communication
    - @nornagon experimenting with using MessagePorts for this
    - @codebytere mentions that Node has its own MessagePort thing for workers
- [#20648](https://github.com/electron/electron/pull/20648) - feat: allow multi language spellcheckprovider
    - breaking change, which does not allow feature detection as the method / callback arguments change **discuss next time**
- Should we have these meetings every week?
  - We ran out of time and there's lots of stuff to talk about.
    - Undecided

- How are we speccing out potential changes?
- Design doc
- Consensus?
    - opt-in process
    - tool for resolving concerns when needed
- Recording history of discussion

### Action Items

@codebytere will start on design doc process work.

### Follow-up Discussion

None.

### Unblock Requests

None.

### Agenda for Next Meeting

Getter/Setter Properties vs Functions.

