# API Working Group

## Date 4/20/19

### Attendees

- @zcbenz
- @nornagon
- @jkleinsc
- @codebytere
- @MarshallOfSound

### Visitors

- @robo

### Followup

- @MarshallOfSound to clarify on what experimental means in the docs
    - PR was merged - https://github.com/electron/electron/pull/22893
- @codebytere to research Chromium's Intent to Implement / Intent to Experiment protocols
    - Now called "intent to prototype"
    - not a lot of hard requirements
    - "intent to experiment" is the implementation phase. comes before an origin trial.
    - after that "intent to ship".
    - electron doesn't have origin trials
    - chromium does about:flags -> origin trial -> off -> on for whole web
    - devs can ship things w/ a --flag enabled
        - could read flags before JS starts? makes it more annoying for devs
    - maybe the Experimental note in the docs is sufficient?
    - maybe a case for "nightly-only" features?
        - when would this graduate into a full feature?
        - same as for regular commits
    - maybe something like enableFeatures?
        - reusing chromium's content features api
        - could be enough friction to make devs stop & think
    - Next step: spec doc. [@codebytere & @jkleinsc]
- @zcbenz to make some revisions to the Views spec PR
    - not the layout engine PR, this is the TopLevelWindow one
    - this got merged :+1: 
- @loc and @MarshallOfSound to review "get tab media stream" PR
    - commented to ask for a change, no response
    - #22701

### Agenda

1. [docs: views API: child views and layout engine](https://github.com/electron/governance/pull/271)
    * Should we build in YogaLayout or expose the underlying primitives?
        * Using YogaLayout would reduce API surface
        * Would need to update rollerbot to keep it up to date
        * Would using YogaLayout allow Electron to include React Native Views? - not without a lot of work
            * RN has its own JS engine as well as its own copy of YogaLayout
        * Let's spec out a "plan B" which exposes the lower-level building blocks?
        * [@zcbenz to update spec]

3. [API review requested PRs](https://github.com/electron/electron/pulls?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Apr+label%3Aapi-review-requested)
    * [feat: add desktopCapturer.getWebContentsStream() to get media stream id from web contents](https://github.com/electron/electron/pull/22701)
        * Waiting for author response

## Action Items

*  @codebytere & @jkleinsc spec doc on nightly-only features
