# API Working Group

## Date 3/23/19

### Attendees

* @codebytere 
* @nornagon 
* @MarshallOfSound 
* @itsananderson
* @VerteDinde
* @loc
* @jkleinsc 

### Followup

- **DONE** @codebytere to de-deprecate existing properties deprecations
- **DONE** @zcbenz to update best practices API doc

### Agenda

- Chair rotation
    - postponed until next meeting
- https://github.com/electron/electron/pull/20006
    - Closed due to inactivity.
    - If there's renewed interest we could reconsider.
    - Generally we're trying to avoid breaking APIs without v good reason
- [feat: add APIs for accessing NSUserDefaults in the given domain](https://github.com/electron/electron/pull/22193)
    - **Verdict**: We will NOT accept this PR.
        - Not accessible from MAS
        - Not possible to subscribe to changes, which might encourage polling
        - Can be implemented straightforwardly as a native module.
- https://github.com/electron/electron/pull/22701
    - **Verdict:** We want this feature, pending details of the API.
        - Use cases include support calls & automated testing
    - Should this be exposed on desktopCapturer or somewhere else?
            - `WebContents.getStream`..?
        - Then you could send it to a different renderer
    - @loc and @MarshallOfSound to review in detail
- https://github.com/electron/electron/pull/22774
    - **Verdict:** This needs more experimentation to determine if a better interface is possible.
    - `contextBridge` simple objects/functions
    - Costly to send large objects over the bridge
        - e.g. redux state
        - on the order of 10ms
    - V8 serializer is much faster for serializable objects
    - Going to try some benchmarks to see if we can work around it without an API change.
- https://github.com/electron/governance/pull/232
    - **Verdict:** Approved given backwards compatibility
    - This a breaking change
    - It could be redone to be backwards-compatible
    - Reduce inconsistency
    - Let's not break old code if we can avoid it!
- https://github.com/electron/governance/pull/254
    - **Verdict:** Agreed to experiment.
    - Exposes `//ui/views`
    - Use cases:
        - splash screen
        - placeholder background
        - simple "utility" windows e.g. screensharing
        - switch between multiple WebContentsViews (e.g. tabs)
    - This should be marked EXPERIMENTAL
    - WebContentsView should take WebPreferences rather than taking a WebContents
    - What happens if you add a View to multiple parents?
    - Could these use cases be addressed by adding a backgroundImage option to BrowserWindow?
        - Yes, but we're hoping to see some more imaginative real-world use cases

## Action Items

- @MarshallOfSound to clarify on what experimental means in the docs
- @codebytere to research Chromium's Intent to Implement / Intent to Experiment protocols
- @zcbenz to make some revisions to the Views spec PR
- @loc and @MarshallOfSound to review "get tab media stream" PR
